add(components): Tailwind CSS Components (#437)
aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss: README.md

- 🧩 [Layouts for Tailwind](https://layoutsfortailwind.lalokalabs.dev/) - Layouts and UI Patterns for Tailwind CSS.
- 🧩 [HyperUI](https://hyperui.dev/) - Open source marketing and ecommerce Tailwind CSS components.
- 🧩 [Snippets](https://snippets.alexandru.so/) - Open source collection of animation snippets made for Tailwind CSS.

> - 🧩 [Tailwind CSS Components](https://github.com/besoeasy/tailwind-components) -Open Source Tailwind CSS component collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🧩 [Tailwind CSS Components](https://github.com/besoeasy/tailwind-components) - Collection of open source components for Tailwind CSS.
```
